[ISHTAR] Come, ladies.
The night is young.
[ISHTAR] Let's not keep the
clientele waiting.
[ISHTAR] Show those men
the time of their lives!
[ISHTAR] Let your desires
collide!
[ISHTAR] Waste no time, girls!
Lose yourselves in the throes of
savage passion!
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[MIKOTO] (yawning)
I uh think I'm going to
turn in early for the night!
[BELL & LILI] Okay! Good Night!
[WELF] Alright..
let's follow her.
[LILI] It's been a long times
since we've tailed someone.
[BELL] This.. feels kinda wrong.
[LILI] I had a feeling
she was up to something!
Looks like I was right.
She's a terrible liar, just like
a certain someone we know.
(BELL guilty)
Oh! Isn't that..
I knew Chigusa was
involved somehow, too.
Where are they headed?
[WELF] No freakin' way! Here!?
(PROSTITUTES having
a flirty good time)
(MIKOTO uncomfortable)
[BELL] Uuh, hey Welf...
Are we really where I think
we are...? Ah, I'm scared.
Yeah. Smack dab in the middle
of the Pleasure Quarter.
(BELL hard gulp)
Well, I can't blame 'em.
If they're having a secret
rendezvous, it makes sense
they wouldn't tell us.
But why'd they come
all the way out here?
Those two are obviously out of
their element and stick out like
two sore thumbs...
[WELF] We should probably get
going. We don't want to lose
them in the crowd.
(MIKOTO horrified)
[BELL] R‐right.
(LILI sigh)
[LILI] I had always hoped that
Master Bell would never set
foot in a place like this.
[PROSTITUTE A] Hey. baby!
Let's have some fun!
[WELF] I'll say this.
This place hasn't changed much.
I remember the sights
as well as the smell.
So you've actually
been here before?!
(BELL in daze)
[WELF] Just once, when the
crowd I used to run around
with dragged me with them.
[WELF] It wasn't really
my scene, so I hightailed
it outta here.
[PROSTITUTE C] Hey pretty boy.
I like your white hair! You
like what you see?
(BELL startled) (taken aback)
[LILI] We're good, thank you!
[WELF] Seriously, where on earth
do they think they're going?
(WELF notice)
[WELF] Oh crap! Hurry! (sprint)
(LILI sprint)
(BELL sputtering)
(PROSTITUTE C giggling)
[PROSTITUTE D] You know
what that means!
It's Happy Hour,
you little heathens!
(DUDES excited for happy hour)
[BELL] Huh?! Wait a sec! Let go!
[BELL] Help me out Welf! Lili!
(MIKOTO big sigh of relief)
[CHIGUSA] Oh, you guys
really saved us back there,
I swear we cannot
thank you enough.
[MIKOTO] If you don't mind me
asking, what brings you to this
part of town?
We had a hunch something
fishy was going on with you...
so we took it upon
ourselves to follow you.
Remember, we're a Familia
now so we don't keep secrets.
We're in this together.
I‐I'm sorry.
Um‐please don't be
upset with Miss Mikoto!
Besides, I suggested
we come here.
Do you mind telling us
what this is all about?
[MIKOTO] The truth is...
[MIKOTO] Lady Chigusa
received word that
an old friend of ours from
the Far East is
working somewhere within
this red‐light district.
Now when you use this word,
"working"... you saying
what I think you're saying?
[MIKOTO] Yeah...
[CHIGUSA] She was once a very
dear friend of ours; we all used
to play together as children.
[CHIGUSA] However she vanished
one day and has been missing for
quite a long time now.
[MIKOTO] Unlike the two of
us, she's a direct descendant
of noble blood.
[MIKOTO] I couldn't believe it.
That someone like her would
affiliate herself with a place
like this.
[MIKOTO] so I wanted to come
here and see her with my own
eyes before discussing the
matter with the rest of you.
[WELF] Quite the fall
from grace.. huh?
I get why you're concerned...
but it wasn't very smart of
you to just rush in here
without a plan.
[MIKOTO] Again. I'm so sorry.
[LILI] Anyway, we should
get out of here.
We can help you gather
information. And find your
friend's whereabouts.
[WELF] Little Bit.. do you
know where Bell went?
(concerned)
[MIKOTO] Wait, are you saying
Master Bell came with you?
(LILI realization)
(WELF realization)
(LILI panic)
(PROSTITUTE A interested smirk)
(PROSTITUTE B giggle)
(BELL dodging women/
freaking out)
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] I‐I totally lost them!
[BELL] Wh‐which way
should I go...?
(BELL nervous)
(BELL uneasy)
(BELL notice)
[BELL] A demi‐human with fox
ears...? A Renard...?
[HERMES] Oh? That you, Bell?
[BELL] Huh?
[BELL] M‐Master Hermes!
[HERMES] Well... Surprised to
see you in a place like this.
(BELL startled)
[HERMES] Suppose you're about
that age though, huh?
You out here to
see a special lady?
Uh N‐no.. that's not why I'm
here... What are you doing
here, Master Hermes?
[HERMES] Hey, now! It's rude
to pry about personal affairs.
Now let's do each other
a favor... and pretend we
never saw one other here.
Sound agreeable?
Uh, yeah.. sure.
I know. To validate our pact
between sensible men...
[HERMES] I got something for ya.
What is this stuff?
[HERMES] An aphrodisiac.
(BELL spit take)
[HERMES] See you later, Bell!
Here's hoping we both have
an exciting night! Ow!
[BELL] W‐wait a minute!
(BELL sputtering/panicking)
[BELL] I really don't need this
though! Please take it back!
(startled)
I'm so sorry!
Are you all right?
You're new around
here, aren'tcha?
[AISHA] Ooh? You seem
a little wound up. (laughs)
You can call me Aisha.
And you are...?
(BELL stunned)
So, how about you buy
me for the night?
[BELL] U‐uh, no thank you!
I'm not here for...
[BELL, internal] Huh?!
Why can't I move...?!
(saultry giggle) Oh don't
bother fighting it.
(BELL struggling) (smothered)
[LENA] Who you got there, Aisha?
[ELIZA] Your client
for the evening?
[AISHA] I just ran into him.
[AISHA] He's got an innocent
face, don't you think?
[LEESHA] Oh my gosh,
he's adorable!
[AMAZONESS A] So cute. First
time in the Pleasure Quarter,
sweetie?
Oh? Hey, um, Aisha..?
Doesn't this yummy snack look
like the Little Rookie?
[ELIZA] You mean like
the one from the War Game?
[LEESHA] I think you're
right! He has the white
hair and red eyes!
You telling me this kid's
the record holder for
quickest rank‐up in history!?
(BELL smooshed)
[AISHA] Well, lucky me, I'm the
one who found him! Step back,
this one's mine.
Awww!
You have the wrong idea..!
I got separated from my
friends in my Familia
and was trying to find them...
[BELL] P‐please let me go!
Yeah that's real sad..
but do you want to explain this?
Lookie! Top‐notch stuff here.
[BELL] Whaddya mean 'top notch'?
[AISHA] Alright,
you're coming with us.
(BELL struggling)
[LENA] Please allow us to
show you to our humble home!
[BELL] No, it's not like that!
[BELL] I can't tell you the
reason why I have that junk,
but you've got it all wrong!
[BELL] I'm begging you!
Please let me go!
[BELL] I'm not here for
anything like that!
[AMAZONESS A] You just don't
know when to quit, do you?
[ELIZA] I'm calling dibs
after Aisha's done with him!
[LEESHA] What are you talking
about? I get him next!
[ISHTAR] Aisha. Is that human
your catch for the night?
[AISHA] Lady Ishtar...
(BELL confused)
Please don't look at
Lady Ishtar's face!
(BELL tackled)
[LEESHA] Come on! Please don't
take this one from us!
It's not fair when they fall
under your spell. Please!
(smirk) I have a client
to attend to this evening...
I have no time to fool
around with a little boy.
[BELL, internal] That's Lady
Ishtar...? Huh? Then this is...
[BELL] The Ishtar Familia's
home.
[EINA] Yeah the Ishtar Familia
is among some of the most
influential Familias in
all of Orario.
And well there are several
reasons for that, however.
I don't think you really
need to know the reason why!
[BELL] Ahh.. I understand now.
[BELL, internal] Why is
this happening to me?!
[AISHA] What do you not
understand about me
getting him first?
[AMAZONESS A] That's no fair!
[ELIZA] Oh! Hey! Someone help
me get Lena off of him!
(BELL scream)
(BELL nervous)
Sadly, all of our
rooms are occupied.
You can wait here until
one of them opens up.
Though personally, I don't
mind if we get started right
here, my little bunny.
[BELL](scared) A‐aren't you
worried? I‐I'm from a different
Familia after all and ...
[BELL] Um uh, letting a strange
adventurer into your home might
not be a very good‐ (scared)
[AISHA] Please. We do this kinda
thing every single night.
(BELL fear)
[LENA] Come on, don't you know
anything about us Amazons?
[LENA] We like to capture
our men and devour them
whole. (blow)
(BELL terror)
[LEESHA] You're not leaving
until tomorrow morning. Maybe
even the day after, if you're
lucky.
[AMAZONESS A] We're going to
suck the life right out of you.
[AMAZONESS A] Wear you down
until you can't take it anymore!
(AMAZONESS A, LENA, ELIZA,
LEESHA & AISHA evil laughter)
[PHRYNE] I think I
smell some fresh meat!
(AISHA annoyed)
(PHRYNE creepy laugh)
And what do you want, Phryne?!
[PHRYNE] Where are your manners,
you know that's no way to speak
to the captain of your
Familia... Aisha dear.
[PHRYNE] I saw it,
you know. The War Game.
[PHRYNE] The idea of playing
with the Little Rookie sounds
mighty fine to me.
(BELL gasp)
[PHRYNE] And you're
just my type.
[AISHA] Oh I don't think so.
We caught him, so this one
belongs to us!
[PHRYNE] You know I've grown
so tired of all the undeserving
men nowadays? Let me have a
teeny tiny nibble.
[AMAZONESS A] Oh hell no!
Do you have any idea how many
times you've "had a bite" and
practically destroyed them?!
[PHRYNE] Well, it's not my fault
I'm the only one who can truly
satisfy.
[PHRYNE] Perhaps my
beauty is just too much.
[PHRYNE] While I know
Lady Ishtar has some
redeeming qualities,
she can't match all this.
[BELL, internal] She's gonna
eat me... (BELL hard gulp)
What a load of bullshit! Men
are avoiding us like the plague,
we have to drag them back
here, it's all thanks to
you, you lumpy cockroach.
[PHRYNE] Don't you sass me!
[PHRYNE] A bunch of ugly tramps
like you are just jealous of my
bewitching allure.
You should try looking in
a mirror.. you bloated toad.
You're getting on
my last nerve, kid.
[PHRYNE] How about we settle
this like real Amazons once and
for all?
[AISHA] Bring it on,
you giant freak!
[LENA] Oh?
(BELL verge of tears)
(screaming)
[PHRYNE] The first one
to catch him, gets him!
[BELL, internal] I gotta
run! Run! Run, run!
[BELL, internal]
I can't get caught!
[BELL] Because if I do...
my life as I know it is over!
(BELL panting / running)
[BELL] My hopes, my
dreams, my aspirations...
smashed to pieces!
[BELL] The end...
of Bell Cranel!
(BELL running scared)
[PROSTITUTE F] What? The Little
Rookie's on the run?!
[PROSTITUTE G] They say we'll
get a hefty reward if we catch
him!
[BELL] It's not
just their home...
The Ishtar Familia has
control over the entire
red‐light district.
[BELL] If I don't
get out of here,
they're bound to catch me!
Where's the exit? Where?!
[AMAZONESS B] There he is!
(BELL startled)
(BELL panting) (huh?)
[AMAZONESS C] He went in here!
(BELL gasp)
[AMAZONESS D] After him!
He can't get too far!
(BELL panting)
(BELL sigh) (notice)
(running outside)
(sigh) (notice)
[HARUHIME] I've been
awaiting you, My Lord.
[BELL] Huh..? What?
[HARUHIME] I will be attending
to you this evening.
[HARUHIME] My name is Haruhime.
(BELL nervous)
[HARUHIME] Please..
come, right this way.
(BELL sputtering)
[BELL] Wait‐!
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Uhhh.. No,
I'm not here to‐! (fall)
(HARUHIME small gasp)
[HARUHIME] (soft gasp) Is.. is
this your first.. your first
time in a brothel?
[BELL] Yeah‐!
Understood. Then please
allow me to take the lead.
[BELL] No..! That..
won't.. be.. uh..
[HARUHIME] It's going to
be alright, My Lord.
I'll tell you what...
Just...leave everything
to me, okay?
(BELL sputtering)
[HARUHIME] Please, just try
your best to relax, My Lord.
[HARUHIME] Wha...
[BELL] "Wha"...?
[HARUHIME] What a lovely...
collarbone...
[BELL] U‐um... Hello?
(down for the count)
[BELL] Huh?! Huh?!
[HARUHIME] My‐my
sincerest apologies!
[HARUHIME] I mistook
you for a client
and forced you to witness
shameful behavior...
Hey, don't apologize...
I'm the one who came
barging in after‐all.
I suppose I owe you a
proper introduction.
I'm Haruhime.
[BELL] (awkward)
I'm, uh, Bell Cranel.
Nice to meet you
Master Cranel.
I hope you don't mind me asking,
but if you aren't a client,
what are you doing here?
[BELL] Oh, well, it's because...
[HARUHIME] Hmm?
[HARUHIME] Oh, I see.
Sounds like you were being
chased by Miss Aisha and the
others.
I was, you know
who she is?
[HARUHIME] Of course. Honestly,
she has always been very good to
me.
[BELL] Is that so...?
[HARUHIME] I can see how
it would be difficult
for someone who's never
been here before to find
their way out.
[HARUHIME] Once the sun comes
up, I would be more than happy
to show you the way to the exit.
[BELL] A‐are you sure?
Yes... We may never meet
again after tonight...
But I would like to help you
out in whatever way I can,
Master Cranel. (warm smile)
[HARUHIME] Seeing as how we
have some free time...
[BELL] Huh?
[HARUHIME] ...would you perhaps
mind if we talked until it's
time for you to head back home?
[BELL] Uh, sure thing.
[HARUHIME] So then, Master
Cranel... Did you come to Orario
to become an adventurer?
I did. I.. kinda had this
dream. Plus, I was
completely broke too.
[HARUHIME] How interesting.
As for me.. I ended up
in this area from a
place called the Far East.
[BELL] The Far East?
That's right.
It's a land blessed
with natural beauty
and four lovely seasons.
However.. I was sadly
disowned by my family when
I was only 11 years old.
Your parents disowned you?
I can't imagine what kind of
people who would do such a
thing to their child.
[HARUHIME] I incurred my
father's wrath. There was
nothing I could do.
[HARUHIME] So many things have
happened since then.
And I finally wound up
here. I was sold off to
the Ishtar Familia.
(BELL sad)
[HARUHIME] Oh but.. in truth..
I had always longed
to see this city.
Theater productions based
on the stories about Orario
are quite common back in
the Far East.
Like "Dungeon Oratoria".
Those're good.
That's right! There's also this
one I like about the knight
who traversed a labyrinth on his
quest for the holy grail.
Yeah that's... "The
Adventures of Garrard"!
The one where the queen was
suffering from an illness,
so he searched for
the grail to cure her!
Oh wow, you
know of it!
What about the one where
a sorcerer rescues a genie
sealed away inside a lamp?
"The Sorcerer Aladdin"!
Yes! That's it!
Miss Haruhime...
Do you like stories
about heroes?
I do! I love them!
[HERMES] Delivered as promised.
I'm sure you're well aware,
but you are not to speak
a word of this to anyone.
Come on, I know better
than that. I do not intend
to betray your trust.
Although.. I'm curious to
know what you need it for.
[ISHTAR] You looked inside?
I didn't mean to, it
just sort of happened.
[ISHTAR] I'm going to
show the world something
very interesting.
[ISHTAR] That woman acts
like she's queen, but she'll
be groveling at my feet soon
enough.
[HERMES] You goddesses
sure are scary.
[ISHTAR] Hermes. Do you have
any information that would be
worth my while?
[ISHTAR] Her weakness, perhaps?
If I did, I'd have
told you already.
You and I both know
it's impossible to lie
to a Goddess of Beau‐
Huh?
[BELL] "Dillard the Wanderer"
and "The Legend of St. Giorgio."
[BELL] You sure do read a lot
of stories, Miss Haruhime.
You're rather
impressive yourself.
You probably know
as many as I do!
I only know the
ones about heroes.
It seems like you know a whole
lot more than I do, honestly.
I must say, my favorite
story of them all is
actually about a hero.
It's been passed down
for generations.
A brave warrior saves a
girl from being attacked
by an evil demon.. despite
his small stature...
That's "The Inch‐High
Guy," right?
I want a hero to
take me by the hand,
and lead me away to a better
place. I want to be just like
the girl in that story.
But I know, it's nothing more
than a selfish, empty dream.
I don't deserve to be
rescued since there's
not much value in me.
[BELL] No, that's
not true! (hesitant)
A true hero would never leave
someone like you behind!
Of course you're worthy
of a life...!
You are very kind..
Master Cranel.
I appreciate it but I'm not
a tragic princess nor a saint
who's fallen victim to false
accusations.
I'm just a prostitute.
(BELL taken aback)
I'm still inexperienced,
but I share my bed and
have given my body to
plenty of gentlemen.
[HARUHIME] I didn't get a chance
to wait for someone who would
sweep me off my feet...
[HARUHIME] Rather, I've made
a living by selling myself.
[HARUHIME] Why would
anyone want to rescue a
woman as disgraceful as I?
[HARUHIME] Besides, to a
hero.. prostitutes are
harbingers of ruin.
Ever since I resigned myself
to this fate, I've had no right
to enjoy those beautiful stories
anymore.
[HARUHIME] I'm not allowed
to hold onto those dreams.
After all.. I'm
just a prostitute.
[HARUHIME] I suppose
we should get going.
I had a wonderful time
speaking with you tonight.
Thank you very much.
[HARUHIME] If you follow
this road, you'll run into
Daedalus Street.
[HARUHIME] Miss Aisha shouldn't
be able to find you all the way
out here.
Go on.. quickly.
(BELL dissatisfied) (anger)
[AISHA] What are you doing?
[HARUHIME] Oh?
[AISHA] You'll catch
a cold. Go home.
[HARUHIME] Right!
(HERMES sobbing)
[ISHTAR] So Bell Cranel, huh?
I don't get what's in that
woman's head. Why does she
want a brat like him?
Okay, then... I'll just steal
him out from under her.
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Renard."